[KOGITO-1.1.0] KOGITO-3513: Add the Process execution visualization configuration. (#3065)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/bpmn/chap-kogito-developing-process-services.adoc

curl -X POST localhost:8080/management/processes/orders/instances/ec44f890-d21d-444f-a4ec-cb88589bd79a/skip -H 'content-type: application/json' -H 'accept: application/json'
----
--

> // end::con-bpmn-process-management-addon[]

Reviewer: @hmanwani-rh No, sorry, please leave the tags as they were in the existing process-management-addon section. That section IS indeed reused and therefore requires the tags. I'm talking about this new SV add-on section, which isn't currently reused and there needs no tags. Can you please restore the tags in the previous process mgmt section?

Reviewer 2: I am sorry that I misuderstood. Restored the tags of process mgmt add-on.

--
// end::con-bpmn-process-management-addon[]

> // tag::con-bpmn-process-svg-addon[]

Reviewer: @hmanwani-rh No need for the tag/end. We only use this for modules content that we reuse in more than one chapter, which isn't the case here. We try to keep reuse to a minimum, and only add the tags in those case, not by default for every section. Just fyi.

Reviewer 2: Thanks, @sterobin!
Have removed the tags.

--
// end::con-bpmn-process-management-addon[]

// tag::con-bpmn-process-svg-addon[]
[id="con-bpmn-process-svg-addon_{context}"]
== {PRODUCT} process SVG add-on

[role="_abstract"]

> {PRODUCT} provides a `process-svg-addon` add-on that enables basic REST operations that you can use to visualize the process

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
{PRODUCT} provides an addon named `process-svg-addon` that enables basic REST operations that you can use to visualize the process
```

diagram and execution path of its process instances. These REST operations are supplemental to any other specific REST
operations that you have configured in your application.

The addon requires to have access to processes svg files. They can be placed at file system where the service rely or
be available at classpath inside the structure 'META-INF/processSVG/'.

Currently, this is a manually process but it's meant to be automaticaly generated. The VSCode extension provide controls
to export the process to SVG format:

.Export process diagram at VSCode
image::kogito/bpmn/kogito-svg-addon-manually-export.png[Manually export to SVG at VSCode]

Once we have the SVGs files generated, they have to renamed to {ProcessId}.svg, to be used by the addon, and placed in a folder in
filesystem accessible by the service or in a 'META-INF/processSVG' folder at classpath.
The addon configuration property _kogito.svg.folder.path_ will point to the File system foder, otherwise it will be

> searched at classPath.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
searched at classpath.
```

> To configure process svg REST capabilities for your {PRODUCT} services, you can add the process SVG add-on as a dependency in the `pom.xml` file of your {PRODUCT} project:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To configure process SVG REST capabilities for your {PRODUCT} services, you can add the process SVG add-on as a dependency in the `pom.xml` file of your {PRODUCT} project:
```

.Project dependency to enable process SVG REST operations
[source,xml]
----
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.kie.kogito</groupId>
  <artifactId>process-svg-quarkus-addon</artifactId>
</dependency>
----

> NOTE: Currently, this addon is only available for quarkus services but is planned add support to springboot projects too

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NOTE: Currently, this addon is only available for Quarkus services but is planned add support to Spring Boot projects too
```

The addon provides this set of configuration properties:

.Process SVG addon configuration properties in {PRODUCT}
[cols="30%,70%"]
|===
|Property |Description

a|`kogito.svg.folder.path`
|Determines in which folder the addon have to search initial process diagrams.'ProcessId.svg'. If this property is not set, the svg would
be searched in 'META-INF/processSVG/' location along the classpath.

Default value: `empty`

> Example: `kogito.events.processinstances.enabled`

Reviewer 3: should it be `kogito.svg.folder.path=something` ?

Author: ups!! yes

a|`kogito.svg.color.completed`
|Change the color to fill completed nodes when showing the execution path.

Default value: `#C0C0C0`

Example: `kogito.svg.color.completed=#C2C0C1`

a|`kogito.svg.color.completed.border`
|Change the color of completed nodes border, when showing the execution path.

Default value: `#030303`

Example: `kogito.svg.color.completed.border=#C2C0C1`

a|`kogito.svg.color.active.border`
|Change the color of active nodes border, when showing the execution path.

Default value: `#FF0000`

Example: `kogito.svg.color.active.border=#C2C0C1`

|===

The {PRODUCT} process SVG add-on provides REST support for the following basic operations:

> * *Process Diagram*: Get the process SVG diagram.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* *Process diagram*: Returns the process SVG diagram.
```

> * *Process instance execution path Diagram*:  Get Process SVG diagram displaying the executed path of a specific process instance

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* *Process instance diagram*:  Retunes the process SVG diagram displaying the executed path of a specific process instance
```

=== REST endpoints for the process SVG add-on

> After you add the `process-svg-quarkus-addon` dependency to your {PRODUCT} project, add the configuration properties

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After you add the `process-svg-quarkus-addon` dependency to your {PRODUCT} project and the recommended configuration properties
```

and run your {PRODUCT} services, you can use the following REST endpoints to get the process related SVGs.

NOTE: These REST operations are supplemental to any other specific REST operations that you have configured in your application.

For each endpoint, use a REST client, curl utility, or Swagger UI (if configured for the application) to send requests with the following components:

> ==== Process Diagram

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
==== Process diagram
```

--
`[GET] /svg/processes/{processId}`

Returns the SVG that shows the process diagram.

* *Base URL*: `http://__HOST__:__PORT__/svg/processes/{processId}`
* *Path parameters*:
** `{processId}`: The string identifier of the process definition, such as `travels`
* *HTTP methods*: `GET`

.Example REST endpoint
`\http://localhost:8380/svg/processes/travels`

.Example curl request
[source]
----
curl -X GET http://localhost:8380/svg/processes/travels -H 'content-type: application/json' -H 'accept: image/svg+xml'
----
--

> ==== Process instance execution path Diagram*

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
==== Process instance diagram*
```

> Return process SVG diagram, showing the process instance executed path:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Returns the process SVG diagram, highlighting the executed path:
```
